Elder Wu is just you
I think you should abstain
The written test hasn't started yet
The First Elder looks down on us too much
Is there a pen here?
Your fifth peak is at the bottom of the year
I'm thinking of you too
You are fine-skinned and tender-skinned
It doesn't look good if it's injured
Dare to contradict Haotian Ancestor
This martial arts competition will completely remove your fifth peak from the list
More than that
All the women in your letter will be given to the ancestor.
Become his slave
Hahahaha
You four are deceiving too much.
today
We will prove the fifth letter to everyone.
Inheritance of Qingyun Xianjun
This is the orthodoxy of our Sword Sect
That's not a small breath
That being the case
Let's get started!
Su Ju
This Wufeng meeting
Each disciple can take the stage at will to challenge others by name
winner in a row
As a martial arts competition
Tao Ming's First Battle
First Front Lin Yan
Versus Fifth Front
Li Qiuyue's Wudu meeting has already begun
Why hasn't he come out of customs yet?
Wufeng will fight
It's my best chance to make a name for myself
Wufeng female elimination
Bone-eating does not melt and extinguishes the clear ancestor of Haotian
Today I will clean up the door for Haotian Ancestor
Hahahaha
Well said, the ancestors of the Sword Sect have taken over
These haunted women
I actually miss that fairy lord
It's ridiculous
This ear
Fan you without knowing what to do against my four disciples
Fan you Mingwan is not effective and disrespected as Tianlaozu
Instead, believe in Qingyun Xianjun
This last glance is just because this young master is in a good mood
Reward for you
I have written down Lin Yan's hatred
The fifth letter is scheduled for you to never die
Xuantian Wuji
Creation is infinite
Go to the sixth break first
Only one step away from the seventh realm
Wait for me, I'll be here soon